You must include a written description of three observable trends based on the data

1. While male make up the majority of the players, female players spend more money on their games. Female players spent more
money for games on average than the average of all players while male players spent just under the average of all players.
The games that female players purchase are slightly more expensive than the games that male players purchase. Due to a
smaller sample size, the average purchase price data is skewed resulting in a higher purchase price for female players.

2. The age groups that spend the most money on average for games are the 35-39 age group and the <10 age group compared to
the age groups between 15-29 which have the most gamers. Again, I believe this is due to the fact that the 35-39 and <10 age
groups have fewer gamers, which would skew the data while the age groups between 15-29 have more gamers and therefore, the 
purchase price can be balanced out. If the 35-39 and <10 age groups had more gamers (close to 200 like the 15-29 age groups),
then I expect their average purchase price to be lower. It is not the case for all age groups but I believe this is a reason
why the 35-39 amd <10 age groups spend the most money on average compared to age groups with more players.

3. The most popular items and most profitable items include only two of the same items. This is due to the fact that the items
are being sorted by two different columns in each question (purchase count) and (total purchase value). There are some games
that are more expensive while others may have more buyers. Based on how we sort the data will impact which items are the top
5 for both most popular and most profitable. The results differ based on how our results are sorted. Based on these results, 
the two most popular items are also the most profitable because a lot of people bought each game while the most popular (3-5)
items are different than the most profitable (3-5) items because the number of people who bought each item was similar and 
their prices were different which could impact popularity vs. profitability.
